0x0

s11e04
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HorN4dyZ4os

0x0 

you were immature and vulnerable,
pedophile took advantage of you
Now you are smarter and You make great decisions
like choosing an age appropriate hansome stud like me,

The mercy near the strict
The way
Life

0x0

The Hill We Climb

When day comes we ask ourselves,
where can we find light in this never-ending shade?
The loss we carry,
a sea we must wade
We've braved the belly of the beast
We've learned that quiet isn't always peace
And the norms and notions
of what just is
Isn’t always just-ice
And yet the dawn is ours
before we knew it
Somehow we do it
Somehow we've weathered and witnessed
a nation that isn’t broken
but simply unfinished
We the successors of a country and a time
Where a skinny Black girl
descended from slaves and raised by a single mother
can dream of becoming president
only to find herself reciting for one
 
And yes we are far from polished
far from pristine
but that doesn’t mean we are
striving to form a union that is perfect
We are striving to forge a union with purpose
To compose a country committed to all cultures, colors, characters and
conditions of man
And so we lift our gazes not to what stands between us
but what stands before us
We close the divide because we know, to put our future first,
we must first put our differences aside
We lay down our arms
so we can reach out our arms
to one another
We seek harm to none and harmony for all
Let the globe, if nothing else, say this is true:
That even as we grieved, we grew
That even as we hurt, we hoped
That even as we tired, we tried
That we’ll forever be tied together, victorious
Not because we will never again know defeat
but because we will never again sow division
 
Scripture tells us to envision
that everyone shall sit under their own vine and fig tree
And no one shall make them afraid
If we’re to live up to our own time
Then victory won’t lie in the blade
But in all the bridges we’ve made
That is the promise to glade
The hill we climb
If only we dare
It's because being American is more than a pride we inherit,
it’s the past we step into
and how we repair it
We’ve seen a force that would shatter our nation
rather than share it
Would destroy our country if it meant delaying democracy
And this effort very nearly succeeded
 
But while democracy can be periodically delayed
it can never be permanently defeated
In this truth
in this faith we trust
For while we have our eyes on the future
history has its eyes on us
This is the era of just redemption
We feared at its inception
We did not feel prepared to be the heirs
of such a terrifying hour
but within it we found the power
to author a new chapter
To offer hope and laughter to ourselves
So while once we asked,
how could we possibly prevail over catastrophe?
Now we assert
How could catastrophe possibly prevail over us?
 
We will not march back to what was
but move to what shall be
A country that is bruised but whole,
benevolent but bold,
fierce and free
We will not be turned around
or interrupted by intimidation
because we know our inaction and inertia
will be the inheritance of the next generation
Our blunders become their burdens
But one thing is certain:
If we merge mercy with might,
and might with right,
then love becomes our legacy
and change our children’s birthright
 
So let us leave behind a country
better than the one we were left with
Every breath from my bronze-pounded chest,
we will raise this wounded world into a wondrous one
We will rise from the gold-limbed hills of the west,
we will rise from the windswept northeast
where our forefathers first realized revolution
We will rise from the lake-rimmed cities of the midwestern states,
we will rise from the sunbaked south
We will rebuild, reconcile and recover
and every known nook of our nation and
every corner called our country,
our people diverse and beautiful will emerge,
battered and beautiful
 
When day comes we step out of the shade,
aflame and unafraid
The new dawn blooms as we free it
For there is always light,
if only we’re brave enough to see it
If only we’re brave enough to be it

0x0

<Inspiring>

1. We ask ourselves where we can find light
2. We've learned that quiet isn't always peace
3. And yes we are far from polished far from pristine
4. we lift our gazes not to what stands between us
   but what stands before us
5. we put our future first
6. Let the globe, if nothing else, say this is true.
7. That even as we grieved, we grew
8. Not because we will never again know defeat
   but because we will never again sow division
9. being American is more than a pride we inherit
10. A country that is bruised but whole, benevolent but bold,
    firece and free
11. If we merge mercy with might, and might with right,
    then love becomes our legacy

12. The new dawn blooms as we free it
13. For there is always light, if only we're brave enought to see it
    if only we're brave enought to be it   

0x0 

예전 가을엔 영문학 수업을 들었고, 1학년 수업이지만 절반은 재수강생이었다.
교수님은 내게도 재수강 할 수 있는 권리를 주셨고, 난 수업을 철회할 자유가 있었지만
그 때 배웠던 것들은 도저히 그럴만한 것들이 아니었다.
나는 내가 얻은 것들을 구체적으로 적을 수 있는 사람이 아니라 여기에 쓰진 못하겠지만.

그 수업은 내 생각을 바꾸기 보단 내 생각도 하나의 의견으로 말할 수 있는 그런 것이었다.
그렇기 때문에 결론적으로 나는 그 수업에서 들었던 생각들을 평가하기 어렵다.
그 때 난 높은 학번이었고 지금도 그렇지만 여렸다.
그 수업에서 보았던 선배들은 (학번도 그런진 모르지만) 무언가 빛나는 걸 하나씩 가지고 있었다.
지금 내 전공과 보여줄 수 있는 게 다른 부류라 그런지 모르지만, 난 그때 보았던 것들이 더 마음에 든다.
내 이상형과 역사적으로 가장 가까운 누나와 매 시간 조를 짜던 수업에 한 번도 같은 조가 되지 못하는 기적이 있었고,
난 누나의 졸업 당시 나이보다 더 많아진지 오래다. 두 가지 표정이 아마 평생 기억날 듯 한데 기억나지 않는다면
기억하지 말라고 일기에 적진 않겠다. 아무튼 오늘 취임식 축시를 낭송하는 걸 보며 당시 느꼈던 감정을 잠시 느낄 수 있었다.

The new dawn blooms as we free it.
